No see for a few days
The old eyes are dim
he
It's a thief
What? He's fake?
This woman is not the eldest lady
How brave
Impersonating the eldest lady for so long
He turned out to be fake
Hey
I am Miss Gu family
I am the daughter of Aunt Gu
Don't go out and ask about this attitude after playing around
Shame now
Of course, she is also the lady of the Gu family
Just an illegitimate daughter
This is the real lady
This is the eldest lady
Is Kam Sing alright?
How did his mother treat you?
Don't worry, Lord Thirteen
No one dares to bully us in the original factory.
So you are really the eldest lady
Oh.
I always thought you were lying to me.
I am not only the eldest lady of the Gu family
She's still your wife.